The Joe Rogan experience.
Logan, Paul went eight rounds with the greatest box that Hass ever lived, dude.
I mean like you, you, there was no cuz there's like, you know,
many people and I think Logan Paul was aware of this.
We're looking forward to the satisfaction of watching Logan,
Paul being knocked out by a great box. So there was a sense of like,
we are going the hand of justice in the world.
You can't just decide you're gonna fight the greatest boxer that ever lived and
come out of that unscathed. You're dead.
We were watching it the way we like people used to watch gladiator things where
they would like, you know, put the short face, bear out and like,
let the gladiator fight it. You know, know what's gonna happen.
The bear's gonna eat gladiator.
But, but not in this case, in, in this case, it didn't happen. But here's my,
you know, it's I wrote an Instagram post about it today because I was,
I was genuinely all day. I was thinking before we got, before I got here,
when I was at the gym, I was working out and I was thinking, I was like,
there's something about that. That's really intriguing to me. What is it? Yeah.
And I tried to figure out what it was like,
what about the novelty of the moment? Like we were you me, Tom Segura,
Tony Hinch. Cliff. Yeah. Ron white and Curtis, Curtis Nelson.
We're all sitting in my house. Yeah. We couldn't wait.
The thing is about to happen. We're all like, I can't believe this is happening.
I can't believe this is happening.
We're looking at them across the ring from each other. Jake,
Paul's like three feet taller than I'm like, this is bananas. This is so wild.
And he survived and
flew made with a a hundred million dollars. He'd made,
he made like a hundred million fighting. A guy who had never won a professional,
a boxing that holy.
The annoying thing. It's amazing.
The announcers weren't acknowledging what was happening, which was like,
what the?
This, the problem is they had too many people talking. They had a lot of people.
Talking. There was ma.
Yeah. How do you say their names? De Samara de Samara. Um,
who's the other guy? Malo, uh, Mauro ran. I already said.
And there was one other gentleman, the guy who got in the ring and interviewed,
uh, Floyd. And uh, I turned it off. I didn't see. Anyway,
there was 1, 2, 3, 4 guys talking,
which is a lot of people talking it's it's hard to do.
It's it's but it would've been nice to, to have options.
This is what you said. If there optional stream,
we could listen to like Teddy Atlas. Yeah. Like a boxing expert. So,
because those guys were being funny and they were having a good time and
everything like that, which is great. And that,
I think that like comes from trailer, you know, trailer,
like you have Snoop dog around. Oh yeah, no.
No, I get it. I understand what the reason was behind it. But sitting next,
I'm not like I don't watch boxing lot. So it's cool to be sitting next to you.
And you're like, oh look, he's like trying to drain him or look, oh look. Yeah.
He up. Because in the very beginning he expended too much energy.
These are things I don't, I don't even know. Yeah. So that's all just,
it just added a dimension to it. That was.
Interesting. Well, I was trying to break it down technically I'm like,
there's some interesting things that are happen here. Like first of all,
Floyd is consistently putting pressure on him and moving and putting pressure on
him and moving, putting pressure on him. And after the third and fourth round,
everything comes out a little slower. So he has to be more measured.
So what Floyd is doing like is consistently engaging with him and then pull out
and consistently engaging and making him swing a mess and swing a mess.
It's brilliant for people that got mad at it. I get it.
It's not Manny Pao versus Floyd Mayweather five years ago.
But what it is is one of the best boxers of all time making a hundred million
fighting a guy who's three feet taller than him and 35 pounds heavier than who
can't win. Yeah. It's amazing. It's amazing. It's amazing, dude.
That fight was amazing. And there's a lot of amazing things. First of all,
Floyd's amazing.
The fact that Floyd has the balls at 44 years old to decide, oh,
I'm just gonna go ahead and fight some dudes,
35 pounds heavier than me and 26 years old. It's crazy.
It's crazy. And then the fact that he could put it on a guy like Logan Paul,
and here's another one. The fact that Logan Paul went all eight rounds.
That's astounding. You have no idea how tired you would be.
If you were boxing with the greatest boxer that's ever lived. I mean,
maybe he's not the greatest because that subjective, but in my opinion,
he's the greatest. The reason why he's the greatest,
in my opinion is he's only been hit hard and hurt like three times his whole
career.
There's no one that can say that the art boxing has always been hit and not
get hit. And in my mind, no one's ever done that better than Floyd Mayweather.
Yeah. Now here he is a, in his forties,
he's made hundreds of millions of dollars fighting people who have really no
chance of beating him. <laugh> yeah. Yeah. That's crazy, man. That's amazing,
dude. They're the controversy of the day. Uh, people get knocked out.
They got knocked on you being held up right out of here. People are so silly,
dude. What if don't understand?
They don't understand about getting hit in the head. These are the same.
Dumies he's just hanging on, man. He's just, he went for an over hook.
You guys have no idea. This position right here,
high elbow going in for an over hook. If he was wrestling,
he would go back the other way and throw him on his back.
This is a normal thing for a wrestler. Logan was a wrestler. In fact,
in ready for this. See how he's got that high over hook on the left hand side.
Watch how this happens again.
This is what happens when a bunch of people comment on fights that don't know.
You see that high over hook that watch watch one more time. So they, they,
he hits him and now look at Logan's right arm. Watch what happens or excuse me,
left arm. See what happens. He's in control. He's holding onto him, right?
Right, right. He's not, he's a wrestler. He's not going limp. My friend,
guy Saco who runs defense soap. He that's his company.
He owns that company that I rave about all the time.
He told me today that Logan, Paul was one of his wrestlers in the 1990s.
And he said he was really good. He says really talented kid.
There's a video of him wrestling with Paul Costa, who is a UFC who is,
is rather, excuse me. A UFC middleweight. Contender. Yeah.
Like a beast of a guy. Yeah. And Logan's scrambles on this guy. And like,
he looks really good. Like he can wrestle. So when you see that,
when he's not knocked out, you knuckle heads, you stop talking about fighting.
He's holding on. Yeah.
And he's protecting himself and he's controlling Floyd and he is pushing his
head to Floyd's chest catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium out to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.